Who is your best friend?
Who is es lo mismo que who is, solo que
contraído, who is es lo mismo que who is,
solo que está contraído, ok?
Entonces, for example, who is your best
friend? ¿
Quién es tu mejor amigo?
Ojo con, decimos friend, ahí no hay una
i, listo?
Ojo con friend, no es friend, es friend, ok?
Say it with me, who is your best friend?
Very good, excellent, again, who is your
best friend?
Pretty good, nice, nice, ¿quién es tu
mejor amigo?
Puedes responder, my best friend is, mi
mejor amigo es, y dices lo que quieras, ok?
Example, say it with me, dilo conmigo, my
best friend is my cousin Sarah, you,
dilo, very good, excellent, mi mejor
amiga es mi prima Sarah, otra vez, my
best friend is my cousin Sarah, ¡Excelente!